DeepLabv3+ README (#1066)
mosaicml/composer: composer/models/deeplabv3/README.md

## Example

```python
from composer.models. import ComposerDeepLabV3

model = ComposerDeepLabV3(num_classes=150,
                          backbone_arch="resnet101",
                          is_backbone_pretrained=True,
                          backbone_url="https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet101-cd907fc2.pth",
                          sync_bn=False
)
```

## Architecture

Based on [Encoder-Decoder with Atrous Separable Convolution for Semantic Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1802.02611)

<div align=center>
<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/docs.mosaicml.com/images/models/deeplabv3_v2.png" alt="deeplabv3plus" width="650">
</div>

- **Backbone network**: converts the input image into a feature map.

>     * Usually ResNet-101 with the strided convolutions removed in stage 3 and 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Usually ResNet-101 with the strided convolutions converted to dilations convolutions in stage 3 and 4.
```

previous wording suggested the conv layers were actually removed.

Author: Sounds good!

    * The 3x3 convolutions in stage 3 and 4 have dilation sizes of 2 and 4, respectively, to compensate for the decreased receptive field.
    * The average pooling and classification layer are ignored.

> - **Spatial Pyramid Pooling**: extracts multi-resolution features from the backbone feature map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Spatial Pyramid Pooling**: extracts multi-resolution features from the stage 4 backbone feature map.
```
